---
title: 英语面试
tags: []
thumbnail: ''
mathjax: true
date: 2018-11-17 21:10:00
categories:
	- IELTS
description:
---

> Thanks so much for giving me this opportunity to have this interview. I would like to introduce myself to you briefly. My name is XMZ. I was studied in software engineering college HUST from 2013 to 2017. During my college years, I have made rapid and great progress in many areas. I worked hard, and acquired the basic knowledge and theory. My GPA was among the top 10 percent and obtained scholarship many times. On top of that, I joined the Dian Group, which is a IT club in HUST, and exercised my coding ability greatly.  In the last year of HUST, I was recommended to UCAS without examination. In the first year of UCAS, I elective some AI related courses, such as machine learning and pattern recognition, deep learning, natural language processing, web data mining, social network and social computing and so on. And I got an excellent scores of  these courses in the final exams. Besides, I was trying to realize some classical methods, such as text classification, knowledge graph inference, Chinese word segment, medical picture classification, background detection and so on. In the aspect of  researching,  I am embarking on the project of function point miner, which extract function point text from textual agile story, helping project manager to estimate software effort.
>
> My research interests contains NLP, DL, ML. There must be many things to learn if I were enrolled into my ideal research field. I hope I can build up a systematic view of these fields. and I want to dealing with some meaningful problems, publish some papers, and obtain some good achievement.

> In my family, there are three members, my farther, my mother, and I. My parents are workers, my father works very hard, and he is always fully occupied, so most of the housework is done by my mother, of course, while I am at home, I would help her. I love my parents and they love me, too. When I make a success, they are more excited than me, and support me to do better. Even though I failed, instead of blaming, they always share sorrow with me, and encourage me not to give up. During my preparation for graduate examination, the support from my family is always my momentum. Parents'love is unselfish, I am deeply affected, so I will do all what I can to repay them.

>  Life is precious, it is necessary to catch any opportunity for self-development, especially in the competitive modern society. Therefore, I prefer to go on for further education.